[DOCS-11497] Guide for new Continuous Testing <> Test Optimization integration (#30471)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/continuous_testing/guide/view-continuous-testing-test-runs-in-test-optimization.md

You can use Test Optimization to view Continuous Testing test runs, giving you a unified overview of metrics and results from all your test frameworks, including Synthetic Monitoring, in one place.

## View Continuous Testing test runs in Test Optimization

1. Navigate to the [Test Runs][4] Explorer in Test Optimization.
2. Filter the **Test Framework** facet to **synthetics**:

{{< img src="continuous_testing/guide/view-continuous-testing-test-runs-in-test-optimization/test_optimization_test_run_explorer_3.png" alt="Test Optimization Test Runs explorer, filtered to synthetics framework facet" style="width:100%" >}}

Use this feature to search, filter, and analyze Continuous Testing test runs, combining both Test Optimization and Continuous Testing metadata in a single view.

For example:

- Use the **Flaky**, **New Flaky** and **Known Flaky** facets to identify flaky test runs.
- Use the **Synthetics Teams** facet to analyze test run status and performance by team.

> - Use the **@test.name** column to export a list of test runs and their names.

Reviewer: The column itself doesn't perform exports, maybe something like:
```suggestion
- Click **Export** and include the **@test.name** column to export a list of test runs and their names.
```
